Update changelog prior to next release (#2352)
PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy: changelog/2262.trivial.rst

> Improved the error message from `~plasmapy.formulary.speeds.Alfven_speed`

Author: ```suggestion
Improved the error message issued by `~plasmapy.formulary.speeds.Alfven_speed`
```
